# Directory contents

## `descriptions.txt`

The [`descriptions.txt`](descriptions.txt) file in this directory was manually
created by copy/pasting descriptions from the AWS public website.

Although most of these descriptions are nicer than the values automatically
obtained from the "DESCRIPTION" section of the AWS CLI documentation, there are
a few issues with using manually-obtained descriptions:

1. **It's manual work.**
   - Enough said.
2. **Descriptions on the AWS public website can change.**
   - There is no mechanism for detecting such changes.
   - Manual work is bad enough; unplanned manual work is unacceptable, which
     would be required to keep the man pages up-to-date.
3. **These descriptions are only available at the service level.**
   - Most man pages are for commands and subcommands, which do not have
     carefully-crafted short descriptions defined anywhere. In these cases, the
     automated approach is the only sane approach.

Due to these issues, I have decided to use the automated approach across the
board for obtaining man page descriptions. However, I still think it's worth
keeping the old `descriptions.txt` file around as a reference point in case I
ever decided to revisit this in the future.

## `warnings.txt` and `errors.txt`

Running [`check-errors.sh`](../check-errors.sh) from the git repository root
will parse the log file generated by [`mkman-awscli.sh`](../mkman-awscli.sh)
for errors and extract information into separate files:

- `$logdir/mkman-awscli.err`: generation errors with accompanying man page names
- `$logdir/failed.txt`: just names of man pages that experienced generation errors

However, errors don't necessarily indicate failures. I have manually determined
regular expression patterns in `$logdir/mkman-awscli.err` that indicate
warnings vs.  real "errors" (i.e. failures) and have specified them in two
separate files:

- [`warnings.txt`](warnings.txt): expressions that can safely be ignored
- [`errors.txt`](errors.txt): expressions that indicate at least partial failure

Each expression in those two files uses extended POSIX regular expressions,
with a couple extensions: literal `\n` are allowed, and `\` at the end of a
line indicates a continuation of the expression on the following line. Each
expression is separated by a blank line.
